First draft of question and answer (#4739)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/create_multivariate_campaign.md

As a guide, you likely need around 15,000 users per variant (including the control) to achieve 95% confidence in your test results. However, the exact number of users you need could be higher or lower than that depending on your particular case. For more exact guidance on variant sample sizes, consider referring to [Optimizely's Sample Size Calculator](https://www.optimizely.com/resources/sample-size-calculator/).
{% endalert %}

### Control and test group assigments and bias

A common question with control and test group assignments is wondering if they can introduce bias to your testing.

Users are assigned to message variants, Canvas variants, or their respective control groups by concatenating their (randomly generated) user ID with the (randomly generated) campaign or Canvas ID, taking the modulus of that value with 100, and then ordering users into slices that correspond to the percentage assignments for variants and optional control chosen in the dashboard. So, there is no practical way that users' behaviors prior to the creation of a particular campaign or Canvas could vary systematically between variants and control.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

As a guide, you likely need around 15,000 users per variant (including the control) to achieve 95% confidence in your test results. However, the exact number of users you need could be higher or lower than that depending on your particular case. For more exact guidance on variant sample sizes, consider referring to [Optimizely's Sample Size Calculator](https://www.optimizely.com/resources/sample-size-calculator/).
{% endalert %}

### Control and test group assigments and bias

A common question with control and test group assignments is wondering if they can introduce bias to your testing.

The answer is no, due to the way users are assigned to variants or their respective control groups, there is no practical way that user behaviors prior to them receiving a particular campaign or Canvas could vary systematically.

> Users are assigned to message variants, Canvas variants, or their respective control groups by concatenating their user ID with the campaign or Canvas ID, taking the modulus of that value with 100, and then ordering users into slices that correspond to the percentage assignments chosen in the dashboard.

Reviewer: Hmm okay. My concern with the way it was originally presented was that I couldn't really understand what the answer was until I reread it a few times. Obviously I'm not the target audience, but my intention here was to summarize the answer and then go into more detail. I can go back to your suggestion :)

> A common question with control and test group assignments is wondering if they can introduce bias to your testing.
> 
> The answer is no, due to the way users are assigned to variants or their respective control groups, there is no practical way that user behaviors prior to them receiving a particular campaign or Canvas could vary systematically.
> 
> Users are assigned to message variants, Canvas variants, or their respective control groups by concatenating their user ID with the campaign or Canvas ID, taking the modulus of that value with 100, and then ordering users into slices that correspond to the percentage assignments chosen in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common question with control and test group assignments is wondering if they can introduce bias to your testing.

Users are assigned to message variants, Canvas variants, or their respective control groups by concatenating their (randomly generated) user ID with the (randomly generated) campaign or Canvas ID, taking the modulus of that value with 100, and then ordering users into slices that correspond to the percentage assignments for variants and optional control chosen in the dashboard. So, there is no practical way that users' behaviors prior to the creation of a particular campaign or Canvas could vary systematically between variants and control.

```
